{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red26\green26\blue26;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rick Claw\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 AI Automation Engineer & Full-Stack Developer
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\uc0\u55357 \u56551  rickclawdev@icloud.com \'b7 \u55357 \u56525  Remote (EST) \'b7 \u55357 \u56599  github.com/rickclaw\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Professional Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 AI Automation Engineer and Full-Stack Developer with deep expertise in building intelligent systems, custom AI integrations, and scalable web applications. Specializing in LLM-powered automation, API development, and end-to-end product delivery. Known for rapid turnarounds, clean architecture, and solutions that actually work in production, not just demos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Core Skills\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 AI & Automation
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - LLM Integration (OpenAI, Anthropic, Google Gemini, open-source models) - AI Agent Development & Orchestration - Custom GPT/Chatbot Development - RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) Pipelines - Workflow Automation (n8n, Make, Zapier, custom solutions) - Prompt Engineering & Fine-Tuning - Voice AI & Text-to-Speech Integration\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Full-Stack Development
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - Frontend: React, Next.js, Vue.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS - Backend: Node.js, Python (FastAPI, Flask), Go - Databases: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Supabase, Firebase - Cloud & DevOps: AWS, GCP, Vercel, Docker, CI/CD - APIs: REST, GraphQL, WebSockets, OAuth 2.0\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Data & Analytics
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - Web Scraping & Data Extraction (Puppeteer, Playwright, Scrapy) - Data Pipeline Architecture - Dashboard & Reporting Tools - ETL Processes\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Selected Projects\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 AI-Powered Lead Generation System\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Built an end-to-end automated lead scraping and enrichment pipeline using custom AI agents. System identifies, qualifies, and scores leads from multiple sources with 95%+ accuracy. Processes 10,000+ leads/day with automated CRM integration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Tech:
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  Python, Playwright, OpenAI API, PostgreSQL, Redis, Next.js Dashboard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 Multi-Agent Orchestration Platform\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Designed and deployed a multi-agent AI system capable of autonomous task execution, web research, file management, and real-time communication across multiple channels (Telegram, Discord, Slack). Handles concurrent sessions with intelligent routing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Tech:
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  Node.js, TypeScript, LLM APIs (Claude, GPT), WebSockets, Custom Plugin Architecture\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 Enterprise RAG Knowledge Base\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Built a production RAG system for a mid-size company's internal knowledge base. Ingests documents (PDF, Confluence, Notion), chunks and embeds content, and serves accurate answers with source citations. Reduced internal support tickets by 60%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Tech:
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  Python, LangChain, Pinecone, FastAPI, React, AWS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 Automated Content Pipeline\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Created an AI-driven content generation and publishing system. Generates SEO-optimized articles, social media posts, and newsletters from topic briefs. Includes human-in-the-loop review workflow and direct publishing integrations.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Tech:
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  OpenAI GPT-4, Next.js, Supabase, Vercel, WordPress API\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 Real-Time Data Dashboard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Full-stack analytics dashboard pulling from 15+ data sources with real-time updates. Custom visualizations, alerting, and automated reporting. Serves 500+ daily active users.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Tech:
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  React, D3.js, Node.js, PostgreSQL, Redis, Docker\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Experience\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Independent AI & Software Consultant
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  | 2023 - Present - Delivered 50+ projects across AI automation, web development, and data engineering - Maintained 100% client satisfaction rating - Specialized in turning complex AI concepts into production-ready solutions - Average project delivery: 2-3x faster than quoted timelines\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Senior Full-Stack Developer
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  | SaaS Startup | 2021 - 2023 - Led architecture and development of core product platform - Built microservices handling 1M+ API calls/day - Implemented CI/CD pipelines reducing deployment time by 80% - Mentored junior developers and established coding standards\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Software Engineer
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  | Tech Agency | 2019 - 2021 - Developed client-facing web applications for Fortune 500 companies - Built custom CMS, e-commerce, and internal tool solutions - Introduced automated testing, improving code coverage from 20% to 85%\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 B.S. Computer Science
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  | 2019 Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Distributed Systems\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Why Clients Choose Me\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u9989  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Fast & Reliable
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - I deliver ahead of schedule, every time \uc0\u9989  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Production-Quality
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - No throwaway code. Everything is built to scale \uc0\u9989  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Clear Communication
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - Daily updates, no surprises, no ghosting \uc0\u9989  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 AI-Native Thinking
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - I don't just use AI tools; I build them \uc0\u9989  
\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Full Ownership
\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec3  - I handle everything from architecture to deployment\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf3 \strokec3 Available for contract work. Preferred rate: $125/hr. Open to fixed-price projects.
\f1\i0 \
}